With Active Noise Cancellation, and more
‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌


Google Pixel Buds 2a

Sound that hits. Comfort that fits. All for less.




$129




Shop now


Get more bang for your buds.




Learn more


Twist for a secure fit.



Built to last with sweat and water resistance. 1




Active Noise Cancellation with Silent SealTM 1.5.




Instant best buds with
your Pixel phone.




Learn more


Track lost earbuds with a tap on your phone. 2





Use Fast Pair for an easy, breezy setup. 3






Bring the newest Pixel devices into your mix.




Google Pixel 10 phones





Explore





Google Pixel Watch 4





Explore





Get more when you shop on the Google Store.





Google One

As a Google One member, upgrade for extra cloud storage, and benefits like 3% back in Google Store credit on your purchases. 4



Learn more ›



Shop in store

Get hands-on with the latest Google products, chat with our experts, and pick up your online orders in person.



See store details ›



Warranty

Your purchase comes with a limited warranty covering eligible repairs, replacements, and refunds.



Learn more ›



100% of Pixel, Nest, and Chromecast devices launched since 2020 include recycled materials. **





Follow Made by Google on YouTube



Follow Made by Google on Facebook



Follow Made by Google on Twitter



Follow Made by Google on Instagram




1 Pixel Buds 2a are designed to comply with water protection rating IP54 under IEC standard 60529 when the device leaves the factory, and the case is rated IPX4, but they are not waterproof. Water resistance is not a permanent condition and decreases or is lost over time due to normal wear and tear, device repair, disassembly, or damage. Dry your Pixel Buds 2a and case after exposure to any liquids. Liquid damage voids the warranty.

2 Requires Pixel Buds 2a to be connected with Fast Pair to a device running Android 9 or newer, with location history enabled.

3 Fast pairing requires location enabled. Full access to features requires a Google Assistant-enabled Android 6.0 or newer device, Google Account, and an internet connection. Data rates may apply. See g.co/pixelbuds/help for other requirements.

4 For eligible Google One plans in limited countries. Restrictions apply.

** For products launched in 2020 and 2021: Nest, Pixel, and Chromecast devices are made with recycled plastic ranging between 9% and 68% based on weight of plastic used in each respective product launched during this timeframe. The following items are excluded: plastics in printed circuit boards, labels, cables, connectors, electronic components and modules, optical components, electrostatic discharge (ESD) components, electromagnetic interference (EMI) components, films, coatings and adhesives.

For products launched in 2022: Pixel, Nest, and Chromecast devices are made with recycled materials ranging between 9% and 60% based on respective product weights.





© 2025 Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States





This email was sent to LienCF@gmail.com because you asked to receive offers, updates and more about devices from Google on store.google.com. If you'd like to unsubscribe, click here.





Privacy policy | Terms of Service


