Settling for familiar might mean missing out ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏




A phone worth switching for.



Make the switch to Pixel 10 Pro for Gemini, your built-in AI assistant 1 , advanced camera editing & 7 years of updates. 2





Explore Pixel





Why Pixel ›





A few things that set Pixel 10 Pro apart.*






See full comparison ›





Pixel 10 Pro



Built-in AI Assistant

Gemini can handle complex, multi-part questions and requests. 1 Gemini Live lets you to talk things out in a natural, free-flowing conversation. 3 Plus, get info right when you need it with Magic Cue. 4



AI Camera Features

Magical editing in Google Photos, 5 Camera Coach, 6 Add Me, Auto Best Take, Video Boost



Video & Image Generation

Pixel Studio, 6 Image Generation in Gemini, 7 Video Generation in Gemini 8



Calling Features

Live Translate (Voice), Call Notes, Call Screen, Hold for Me, Spam Detection, Direct My Call, Wait Times, Scam Detection



Updates and Longevity

Guaranteed 7 years of OS, security, and Pixel Drop updates every few months. 2






iPhone 17 Pro



Built-in AI Assistant

Siri can handle singular questions and requests.






AI Camera Features

Clean Up





Video & Image Generation

Image Playground





Calling Features

Live Translation, Call Transcript, Call Screening, Hold Assist, Spam Filtering




Updates and Longevity

At least 5 years of OS and security updates tied to iOS releases.






Get up to $700 back with eligible
iPhone® trade‑in.



Terms apply 9






iPhone 16 Pro Max up to $700





iPhone 15 Pro Max up to $550





iPhone 15 Pro up to $480





iPhone 14 up to $260





iPhone 13 up to $230





iPhone 12 Pro up to $240





Start trade-in




Talk with Gemini about whatever's around you. 3






Gemini, what kind of shark is that? That's a zebra shark. They're also sometimes called leopard sharks.




Snap stunning photos, then perfect them with advanced AI editing.



‌




'How would you like to edit this photo?' 'Can you remove the glare?'




Out with the old.
In with Pixel.






Shop Pixel 10 Pro




Get more when you shop on the Google Store.





Pixel Care+

Get peace of mind for your Pixel devices with unlimited $0 screen repairs 10 and battery replacements 11 using Google-certified parts.



Learn more ›



Financing

Make shopping simple. Get special financing on qualifying purchases.



Learn more ›



Refurbished

Get up to 40% off a Google-certified refurbished Pixel phone. Includes a 1 year warranty with purchase. 12



Learn more ›



Follow Made by Google on YouTube



Follow Made by Google on Facebook



Follow Made by Google on Twitter



Follow Made by Google on Instagram




iPhone® is a registered trademark of Apple Inc.


* Information presented in this email is based on product specifications and features sets as of September 9, 2025. Device features and functionality are subject to updates by the respective manufacturers.


1
Gemini mobile app availability may vary by country and language. Check responses for accuracy. Internet connection required.


2
Your Pixel will generally receive Pixel Drops during the applicable Android update and support periods for the phone. See g.co/pixel/updates for details. Availability of some Pixel Drops may vary by phone and device model. Phone, earbuds, watch, and tablet sold separately.


3
Results for illustrative purposes and may vary. Check responses for accuracy. Compatible with certain features and accounts. Internet connection required. Available in select countries, languages, and to users 18+.


4
Available in select countries and languages. Available to users aged 18+.


5
Available to eligible US users. See g.co/photos/ask for details. Results may vary. Available to users 18+.


6
Results may vary.


7
Check responses. Compatibility varies. 18+. Create responsibly.


8
Subscription required. Availability varies. 18+.


9
Buy Pixel 10 Pro or Pro XL (Unlocked, Verizon or AT&T devices) and get up to $700 back with an eligible iPhone trade-in. Starts October 22, 2025 and ends November 19, 2025 at 11:59 pm PT. US residents with US shipping addresses only. Must be 18 years or older. Trade-in values vary based on model, condition, year, and configuration of the trade-in device and are subject to change upon inspection. Trade-in value may also include an additional subsidy that may vary based on the model of your purchased device. Representative trade-in device(s) for maximum trade-in amount: $700 for iPhone 16 Pro Max. Trade-in device must be received within 30 days from the initiation of the trade-in process. After trade-in device inspection, trade-in credit will be issued to the form of payment used for purchase, or in the form of Store Credit if the purchased device has already been returned or Google Store cannot refund your payment method. If the value of the trade-in device is greater than the value of the new device, any difference will be paid by issuance of Store Credit. Unless otherwise stated, offer cannot be combined with other offers and is not transferable. Purchase must be made on Google Store US. Void where prohibited. Additional trade-in terms are located here.


10 $0 screen repair is only available for front screen and back glass of Pixel phones; not available for inner screens of Pixel Fold phones. For complete details, see the Pixel Care+ Terms and Conditions.

11 Coverage is available only for batteries that retain less than 80% of original charge capacity.

12 Comes with a one-year limited warranty from Google LLC. Software updates for your Pixel will be provided for the period specified here.





© 2025 Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States





This email was sent to LienCF@gmail.com because you asked to receive offers, updates and more about devices from Google on store.google.com. If you'd like to unsubscribe, click here.





Privacy policy | Terms of Service



