 
 Dear ChihFeng, 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　  Hello! My name is Rika from Connect Job Agent.Thank you as always for using Connect Job.
We are excited to introduce a new position for 【IT Engineer】-System Development, SE, Infrastructure.ーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーー【Company name】JoBins Co., Ltd. 【Job position】【IT Engineer】-System Development, SE, Infrastructure (Daily conversation Japanese required)  
★Past Achievements and Future Outlook
Founded in 2012 as an agency, JoBins evolved into the “Agent Linkage System”—a platform connecting recruiting companies and agents—in 2021. In 2024, it further developed into the “Job Agent Network Platform (JANP)”, a platform connecting agents with each other.
Since its transformation into an IT company, JoBins has achieved an ARR (Annual Recurring Revenue) growth rate of approximately 300% from FY2022 to FY2023. JANP, launched this year, has grown rapidly, with service growth reaching approximately six times in just two months.
If you’re looking to grow with the company and broaden your career options, now is the perfect time to join JoBins.ーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーー 
Applications will close once the position is filled. If you're interested, we encourage you to apply as soon as possible!
Learn more &amp; apply
  [Business Description]Development and operation of the recruitment agency platform “JoBins”.[JoBins’ Values]〈Vision〉Chance for All
At JoBins, our vision is our ‘North Star.’ It constantly guides our direction.While our business activities and goals may evolve, our Vision explains why we exist and remains constant. This vision is an unchanging guidepost that points us in the right direction in a constantly changing business environment.We believe everyone has equal opportunities and the right and freedom to take on new challenges. JoBins leverages technology to create opportunities for all people and companies.
〈Mission〉Create the world’s best job-seeking platformOur mission sets a concrete goal: “Create the world’s best job-seeking platform.”Our goal is to generate 100 million hiring decisions per year. We hope to work with colleagues who are committed to this mission, help each other overcome obstacles, and share the best view together.〈Values〉Full Speed
We are “challengers.” We cannot compete with major companies in terms of money, recognition, or headcount. The one thing we can win on is speed. We operate at full speed in everything, from decision-making to employee development.Learning from FailureThe powerful weapon of “full speed” has one weakness: failure. We value accepting failure and always learning from it.The Reward for Work Is Work
The most important thing to remember is that “the reward for work is work.” It is essential to complete the tasks you are assigned and use them to drive your growth.  ◆Job Position
【IT Engineer】-System Development, SE, Infrastructure ◆Job Description
・You will be responsible for the development, operation, and maintenance of JoBins’ in-house services, ensuring that our platform can be used more effectively by a growing number of partner agencies.・The core system foundation is already established, and you will have the opportunity to continuously work on improvements.
・We encourage engineers to actively share ideas and propose enhancements, such as “It would work better if we did this!” — helping us make the service even stronger together. ◆Application requirementsExperience in developing applications using PHP
※The required skills may vary depending on the assigned position.The key skill areas are listed below (only category names are shown, with details omitted).For specific requirements, please contact me. 【Required Skills and Expertise】
-Web development experience with PHP and Laravel -Front-End Development (JavaScript, Vue.js, React)-Familiarity with Databases and Performance Optimization-Familiarity with cloud technology, DevOps practice, and Automation Japanese: Daily conversational levelEnglish: Daily conversational level or above ◆Employment TypeFull-time employee※Probationary period: 6 months (no change in conditions during the probation period) ◆Salary ※Salary will be determined in accordance with our internal grading system, taking into consideration your previous salary and experience.※Overtime allowance will be paid separately.Monthly salary: ¥250,000 – ¥430,000Estimated annual income: ¥3,500,000 – ¥6,880,000
Bonus: Provided four times a year (based on company performance and individual evaluation; evaluations are conducted quarterly)Salary review: Four times a year ◆Work Location3F, Yotsubashi KM Building, 1-19-8 Kitahorie, Nishi-ku, Osaka-shi, Osaka, Japan

Learn more &amp; apply
 If you have any questions before application, please feel free to drop an email to me at: rika.watanabe@4th-valley.com Connect Job career consultants not only introduce job openings but also provide advice on creating clear and effective application documents. We offer one-on-one support for interview preparation as well. Additionally, we handle inquiries that might be difficult to ask directly to companies and coordinate interview schedules on your behalf. All of our advice, including tips on writing resumes and crafting impactful self-presentations, is completely free. Please feel free to reach out anytime! 

   ≪参加可否のご連絡に関して≫参加可否のご連絡に関しては抽選の場合は当選の方・事前選考の場合は書類選考通過者のみにご案内致します。なお、ご参加いただける方への連絡は結果確定の際に順次通知致します。 結果をタイムリーにお伝え出来ないこともございますので、ご了承の程どうぞよろしくお願い致します。 
&lt;&lt;Notification about whether to participate or not&gt;&gt;
We will inform only those who were chosen by lottery or those who passed the document screening in the case of pre-selection. Please note that we will notify you when the results are confirmed. Please note that we may not be able to inform you of the results in a timely manner. Thank you for your understanding.   