A full house of wired, smart security with Gemini
‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌


Gemini smarts. 2K sharp. Always looking out.




Keep your home more secure with Gemini, Google's most capable AI. 1,2,3




Shop now


Gemini features require a Google Home Premium subscription (sold separately).




Get one month of Google Home Premium on us.

Unlock a safer smart home with searchable video history, detailed event descriptions, 10 days of 24/7 video history, and more when you buy a new wired Nest Cam Indoor, Nest Cam Outdoor, or Nest Doorbell. 2,4 Shop now.



Get more when you shop on the Google Store.





Google One

As a Google One member, upgrade for extra cloud storage, and benefits like 3% back in Google Store credit on your purchases. 5



Learn more ›



Shop in store

Get hands-on with the latest Google products, chat with our experts, and pick up your online orders in person.



See store details ›



Pro Installation

With vetted pros, flexible scheduling, and honest pricing, an installation expert is ready when you are. 6



Learn more ›



100% of Pixel, Nest, and Chromecast devices launched since 2020 include recycled materials. **





Follow Made by Google on YouTube



Follow Made by Google on Facebook



Follow Made by Google on Twitter



Follow Made by Google on Instagram




1 Compared to earlier Nest Cam and Nest Doorbell models.

2 Requires Google Home Premium Advanced subscription (sold separately), Google Home app, Wi-Fi, and internet connection. Features subject to change; available in select countries and languages. Gemini features work independently of Gemini apps. Check responses for accuracy; results may vary.

3 Availability of 2K resolution is dependent on Wi-Fi and network strength, and requires connectivity speed of at least 3.3Mbps.

4 Purchase of Nest Cam Indoor (wired, 3rd gen), Nest Cam Outdoor (wired, 2nd gen) or Nest Doorbell (wired, 3rd gen) comes with a 1-month trial of Google Home Premium from date of offer redemption. Offer available to users 18 years or older only. New users are eligible for a 1-month trial of the Standard or Advanced plan. Current Standard plan subscribers are eligible for a 1-month trial of the Advanced plan. Offer is not available to current Advanced plan subscribers or users currently in a free trial of Google Home Premium. Redeem offer during device setup in the Google Home app or redeem in Settings in the Google Home app or on the Google Store Subscriptions page after device setup. Valid form of payment and Google Account required at signup. Subscription auto-renews, unless previously cancelled, after expiration of trial membership at $10/month or $100/year for Standard plan or $20/month or $200/year for Advanced plan. Cancel anytime. One trial per home at a time. Return of purchased device may result in cancellation of subscription. No refunds for partial billing periods are available, except as required by applicable law. See g.co/nest/tos for full terms.

5 For eligible Google One plans in limited countries. Restrictions apply.

6 Google does not perform your Pro installation and has no responsibility or liability for the installation. We partner with SafeStreets, who are independent of Google. SafeStreets is a home services company that connects individuals to professional installation partners, including SafeStreets, who will install your Google Nest Products. The professional installer connected to you is not an employee, subcontractor, or agent of Google.

** For products launched in 2020 and 2021: Nest, Pixel, and Chromecast devices are made with recycled plastic ranging between 9% and 68% based on weight of plastic used in each respective product launched during this timeframe. The following items are excluded: plastics in printed circuit boards, labels, cables, connectors, electronic components and modules, optical components, electrostatic discharge (ESD) components, electromagnetic interference (EMI) components, films, coatings and adhesives.

For products launched in 2022: Pixel, Nest, and Chromecast devices are made with recycled materials ranging between 9% and 60% based on respective product weights.





© 2025 Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States





This email was sent to LienCF@gmail.com because you asked to receive offers, updates and more about devices from Google on store.google.com. If you'd like to unsubscribe, click here.





Privacy policy | Terms of Service


