Instapaper Weekly

The week's most popular stories

Top Highlight

What Did Men Do to Deserve This?

newyorker.com

Within this amorphous framework, mens biggest problem is, likewise, a feelingan unreachable itch, or a marrow-deep beliefthat men should still rank above women in the social hierarchy, just not as much as before. This belief may be misguided or unconscious, but it is nonetheless insuperable, and it must be accommodated, for the good of us all.

Save

Most Popular

Friday Nov 14, 2025

Firm Tied to Kristi Noem Secretly Got Money From $220 Million DHS Ad Contracts

propublica.org

On Oct. 2, the second day of the government shutdown, Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem arrived at Mount Rushmore to shoot a television ad. Sitting on horseback in chaps and a cowboy hat, Noem addressed...

Save

Thursday Nov 13, 2025

The 9 most shocking revelations in the Epstein docs

politico.com

The Trump administration pushed back on allegations of wrongdoing Wednesday, with White House press secretary Karoline Leavitt alleging Democrats “selectively leaked emails to the liberal media to create a fake narrative to smear President Trump.”...

Save

Wednesday Nov 12, 2025

All of My Employees Are AI Agents, and So Are My Executives

wired.com

One day a couple months ago, in the middle of lunch, I glanced at my phone and was puzzled to see my colleague Ash Roy calling. In and of itself it might not have seemed...

Save

Tuesday Nov 11, 2025

When I met Craig he was 13 and homeless. I still thought his life might turn around. I was tragically wrong

theguardian.com

Craig was a runaway when I first met him. Missing from a local children’s home, he spent his days hanging out in Nottingham city centre. He had just turned 13 and he was tall for...

Save

Monday Nov 10, 2025

Senate Democrats Just Made a Huge Mistake

theatlantic.com

The conventional wisdom about government shutdowns is that they always fail. Senate Democrats probably assumed as much when they shut down the government. Perhaps they thought they were giving partisan activists something to root for,...

Save

Sunday Nov 9, 2025

What Did Men Do to Deserve This?

newyorker.com

The Weekend Essay Changes in the economy and in the culture seem to have hit them hard. Scott Galloway believes they need an “aspirational vision of masculinity.” November 9, 2025 Illustration by Max Guther Bald,...

Save

Saturday Nov 8, 2025

How the Trump Administration Is Giving Even More Tax Breaks to the Wealthy

nytimes.com

The Treasury Department and Internal Revenue Service are issuing rules that provide hundreds of billions of dollars in tax relief to big companies and the ultrarich. Listen to this article · 10:40 min Learn more...

Save

instapaper.com
 &middot; 
@instapaper
 &middot; 

unsubscribe

&copy; 2025 Instapaper, All rights reserved.

P.O. Box 310663 &middot; Brooklyn, NY 11231